README + CONTRIBUTING (#12)
webex/widgets: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> We'd love for you to contribute to our source code and to make **Webex Widgets** even better than it is today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd love for you to contribute to our source code and to make **Webex Widgets** even better than they are today!
```

### Testing

We take testing very seriously, all code changes must include unit, integration and end-to-end tests.

- **Unit**: Tests at the file level with mocked external requests
- **Integration**: Tests at the application level with mocked I/O requests
- **End-to-end**: Tests the application in a system

### Code Style

Code style is enforced by [linters](https://eslint.org). Use `npm run test:eslint` to verify that your code is beautiful, too!
We highly discourage disabling eslint rules.
Unless there is an exceptional use case, we may request additional changes to your PR.

### Git Commit

As part of the build process, commits are run through [conventional changelog](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog) to generate the changelog. Please adhere to the following guidelines when formatting your commit messages.

#### Commit Message Format

Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**. The header has a special format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

    <type>(<scope>): <subject>
    <BLANK LINE>
    <body>
    <BLANK LINE>
    <footer>

> The **header** is mandatory and the scope of the header is optional.

Reviewer: I know this is what the other contribution guides have too, but should the scope be optional?
@adamweeks @akoushke @taymoork2 @InteractiveTimmy

Author: what's inside the parentheses? I don't think that should be optional. semantic looks at that and adds it the issues and releases. so it make our changelog, issue and release more informative.

Reviewer 2: believe scope being optional is intentional

https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

Reviewer: Yes, it's what is in parenthesis and what determines where the change happens in the CHANGELOG. That's why I'm bringing it up

Author: true, it is optional but I'm saying its more informative

> Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier to read on GitHub as well as in various git tools.

Reviewer: Husky actually enforces a 79 character header.
```suggestion
Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 79 characters! This allows the message to be easier to read on GitHub as well as in various git tools.
```

Reviewer 2: commitlint enforces it, husky is just a task runner

Reviewer: Sure. The when the hook runs, it won't let you submit a header longer than 79, so this is still not accurate

#### Revert

> If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert:`, followed by the header of the reverted commit. In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>`., where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert:`, followed by the header of the reverted commit.
In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>`., where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.
The body should also explain why the commit was reverted.
```

#### Type

Must be one of the following:

- **build**: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
- **ci**: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
- **docs**: Documentation only changes
- **feat**: A new feature
- **fix**: A bug fix
- **perf**: A code change that improves performance
- **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
- **test**: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests

#### Scope

> The scope should indicate what is being changed. Generally, these should match component or adapter names. For example, `WebexComponent`, `WebexAdapter`, etc. Other than those, `tooling` tends to be the most common.

Reviewer: This should probably be updated to match what we have on widgets

The **header** is mandatory and the scope of the header is optional.

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 79 characters! This allows the message to be easier to read on GitHub as well as in various git tools.

#### Revert

If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert:`, followed by the header of the reverted commit.
In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>`., where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.
The body should also explain why the commit was reverted.

#### Type

Must be one of the following:

- **build**: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
- **ci**: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
- **docs**: Documentation only changes
- **feat**: A new feature
- **fix**: A bug fix
- **perf**: A code change that improves performance
- **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
- **test**: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests

#### Scope

> The scope should indicate what is being changed. Generally, these should match widgets names. For example, `WebexWidgets`, etc. Other than those, `tooling` tends to be the most common.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope should indicate what is being changed. Generally, these should match widgets names. For example, `WebexSpaceWidget`, etc. Other than those, `tooling` tends to be the most common.
```

Reviewer 3: Should we do `WebexMeetingWidget` to start off with, since that is the only thing in this repo right now?

Reviewer: Sure
